# TheNile
  The player has to find the exit to the pyramid by navigating through the floors of mazes while being wary of Egyptian gods and mummies. There are three floors of mazes in the pyramid in order to move floors, the player must reach the colored tile on that floor which lies in a maze cell unknown to the players. On each floor, there will be npcs of different sorts trying to keep the player from making it to the end whether by trying to reach the colored tile first or chasing the player themselves when nearby. 
  The controls of the game are using either the wasd keys or arrow keys to go forward, left, backward, or right, using the mouse to look around as well as change directions, and space for jump- which only works on a colored tile. 
  This game utilizes Unity version 2022.3.62f1.
  Within the game, there is navmesh or pathfinding ai, finite state machine ai, and hybrid finite state machine as well as probabilistic decision model ai. Each type of npc uses one of the prior ai systems. 
  Our team divided the roles for the development of the game. David creates objects (pyramid shape) and assets to be used (wall textures, item assets), applies the assets as needed (rules for placing of textures on walls and items and npcs within  maze), gets background music as well as sound effects and describes when they play. Lehan designs the UI- including the menu screen, win and lose screen, and pause screen- works with Subhi to code npcs- including being able to interact with the player and the environment as well as FSM and N-gram to predict player movement and act accordingly- and helps test the game. Subhi overlooks Github and Unity sharing throughout the game building process, makes and codes player controls, works with LeHan to code npcs- including coding player interactions, FSM, and navmesh as well as which designated roles for the npcs- creates NavMesh for ground floor in the pyramid, and codes 3D maze generation for pyramids per floor. 
